Psalm 75 to the chief musician set to do
not destroy a psalm of Asaph a song we
give thanks to you O God we give thanks
for your wondrous works declare that
your name is near when I choose the
proper time I will judge uprightly the
earth and all its inhabitants are
dissolved I set up its pillars firmly I
said to the boastful do not deal
boastfully and to the wicked do not lift
up the horn do not lift up your horn on
high do not speak with a stiff neck
or exaltation comes neither from the
east nor from the west nor from the
south but God is the judge he puts down
one and exalts another for in the hand
of the Lord there is a cup and the wine
is red it is fully mixed and He pours it
out surely it's dregs shall all the
wicked of the earth drain and drink down
but I will declare forever I will sing
praises to the God of Jacob all the
horns of the wicked I will also cut off
but the horns of the righteous shall be
exalted